okay this is a Monday Night Raw full pre
our full review really rolls from
Detroit this week which is you know only
the five hours away from four-and-a-half
hours away from me I never been to
Detroit I don't plan on ever going to
Detroit but um I did see a couple people
in the crowd a couple times that do come
to Toronto so I'm gonna ask them how it
was live but from what I saw on Twitter
from people who were messaging me from
the actual building crowd was bored no
one really seemed to enjoy themselves
except when Lester came back now he they
were saying the guy was saying that was
the first a big you know the crowd got
excited for something and they were
about to fall asleep and Lesnar came out
and he confronted Jericho and it opened
up with Chris Jericho anyway he did the
whole general managers like when Ross
starts you're guaranteed to have a
twenty two half-hour opening segment and
that's what you had he had a twenty five
minute opening segment and pretty much
the only thing he got accomplished
though the main event being the cage and
then Jericho and Heyman being the
semi-main event I guess but they did
that and then you had a tag team match
with Rowan and who was the other guy
Rowan and Rowan and Ziggler against Big
Show and Luke Harper so just a random
random tag team match I I know they're
trying hard to make
Erick Rowan at the same level as these
upper-mid card guys but just a guy who's
non-believable ease doesn't look like a
life a likable guy he just I don't know
I just find very odd very strange and I
think that's maybe that's maybe his
charm that's maybe what they're trying
to get across is that this guy's a
little bit of a lunatic he's a little
bit weird but do like him you know like
I don't know for me Erick Rowan's not my
guy you know watching his match
yesterday was boring and even watching
when the why family he was really the
the third wheel in that group and uh you
wrong I don't know to sum it all up raw
wasn't all it was okay you know
for me I don't watch raw as much as I
used to like as you see I don't upload
these videos every Monday night as I
once did before but you know I didn't
sit through the full three hours I would
say I sat through from 8:00 to 9:30 and
then I kind of zoned out from 9:30 to
10:00 when the Chris Jericho and Paul
Heyman thing started and then I watch
pretty much that and then Roman reigns
came out right after that and I guess
they knew that people were watching
around that time so they just gave you
something cool after that they gave me
our Roman reigns and big show and then
honestly from that time until the main
event I have no idea I don't think maybe
they could have had one match but uh
just I don't know raw has its things
where you have you have what you're
gonna tune in for you know you're gonna
watch the main event you're gonna watch
the last 15 minutes of the show if you
can you'll watch the first 15 minutes
just to know what to expect and from the
rating thing from what I read or firm I
from what I hear is that ten o clock
hours when everyone watches is that's
their highest-rated things so that's
when they put on the most or second most
important thing that being the Heyman
and Jericho and Lesnar segment and right
after they put Roman reigns on but that
10:30 - well I guess pretty much after
after 10 maybe 10 after 10 to 10:45 is
when just things go downhill until the
main event starts and when they go
downhill Oh buddy they go downhill you
got van tango pointless things they're
the some pointless diva stuff you had a
long long tank team match with um the
new day and the Dust Brothers Goldust
and Stardust now I was watching that
match but I was like doing other things
on the side so I had it on mute and when
I look on Twitter after the match well I
looked I looked when the match started
so then I got out of them I go back 15
minutes later and the match is still
going on I go on Twitter and at the
tweet through the exact same like why
isn't there so going this measured ended
ten minutes ago but a long long tag-team
match uh but that's all they have three
hours to kill and three hours is just
way too long I think that's the only way
I can put it if you have an hour
were hour and a half to two hours show I
think it's perfect you know I think a
lot right now two hours is sometimes
even seems like too much considering
that you know you have a bunch of
pointless things but I've heard like a
lot of wrestlers say that 90 minutes
would be the perfect time for a
wrestling wrestling a show at all
um 60 minutes seems like a little less
considering that the roster is so big
and you got to do so much better now err
and a half definitely seems like
something you would look into but
they're making so much money I guess
with three hours over what sleep and the
big deal of us complaining every week
but who knows that's all I'll see you
guys in the next video